minor fix to 9-06 minutes and add trust and safety TF to resolutions (#12)
swicg/meetings: 2024-09-06/README.md

Tantek, Johannes: TF can decide

> Bumblefudge: There are also many community sites that popped up over the years to patch this lack of a "landing page" — fediverse.party, joinfediverse.wiki, joinfediverse.org, fediverse.observer, and jointhefediverse.net. All have "but what is the fediverse?" explainers and recommendations for finding a server. I opened some issues and PRs on fediverse.party to try consolidating a bit and pointing outwards to the other sites where possible, but it might be worth checking in with the maintainers of all those, at least _after_ an ap.rocks revamp.

Reviewer: Unless there really is supposed to be an [`ap.rocks`](https://ap.rocks/) that doesn't resolve for me.
```suggestion
Bumblefudge: There are also many community sites that popped up over the years to patch this lack of a "landing page" — fediverse.party, joinfediverse.wiki, joinfediverse.org, fediverse.observer, and jointhefediverse.net. All have "but what is the fediverse?" explainers and recommendations for finding a server. I opened some issues and PRs on fediverse.party to try consolidating a bit and pointing outwards to the other sites where possible, but it might be worth checking in with the maintainers of all those, at least _after_ a revamp of [`activitypub.rocks`](https://activitypub.rocks/).
```

Tantek, Johannes: TF can decide

> Bumblefudge: There are also many community sites that popped up over the years to patch this lack of a "landing page": fediverse.party, joinfediverse.wiki, joinfediverse.org, fediverse.observer, and jointhefediverse.net all have "but what is the fediverse?" explainers and recommendations for finding a server. I opened some issues and PRs on fediverse.party to try consolidating a bit and pointing outwards to the other sites where possible, but it might be worth checking in with the maintainers of all those, at least _after_ a ap.rocks revamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bumblefudge: There are also many community sites that popped up over the years to patch this lack of a "landing page" — fediverse.party, joinfediverse.wiki, joinfediverse.org, fediverse.observer, and jointhefediverse.net. All have "but what is the fediverse?" explainers and recommendations for finding a server. I opened some issues and PRs on fediverse.party to try consolidating a bit and pointing outwards to the other sites where possible, but it might be worth checking in with the maintainers of all those, at least _after_ an ap.rocks revamp.
```
